dan o'dowd doesn't like John Smoltz a
cinema of a Mets trade and children
racing as appliances welcome to timeout
with tio where I count down my five
favorite moments in sports from the past
week and i'm your host tipo shinty now
depending on what your favorite sport is
you had a very interesting week in
football after Tom Brady's appeal was
upheld Patriots fans got to what leads
to enjoy the start of training camp
where things were really looking up
baseball fans had a hell of a week
proving there is indeed crying in
baseball basketball fans don't need to
worry about Gilbert Arenas winning all
their County Fair prizes anymore and
hockey fans well step up your game but
let's step back to baseball real quick
because my fifth favorite moment of the
week comes at the expense of Mets fans
and yes I am one so now i present to you
a visual interpretation of the roller
coaster ride Mets fans went on Wednesday
night using emojis
and number four in my list happened at
the end of an interview with newly
inducted Hall of Famer John Smoltz after
Smoltz finish up a live interview on MLB
Network former Rockies GM Dan O'Dowd
accidentally let slip his true feelings
for Smoltz for those of you who don't
like cursing earmuffs I'm honored and
without Bobby Cox none of this would be
possible for me for sure apparently
O'Dowd apologize when they came back
from commercial I imagined it to have
gone something like this all right we
apologize for that will be we'll be
right back meet up gulf the one sport
that shouldn't be hard because the ball
doesn't move but is utterly impossible
and like most people we spend way too
much time trying to figure out what is
wrong with our swing and why we can't
hit the ball that doesn't freaking
smooth which brings me to number three
on my list a guy bought a GoPro to film
and later analyzed his swing and
although I'm sure you know where this is
going it's still pretty funny to watch
broken broke it broke it shattered the
only thing truly shattered as your
dreams of ever learning how to be good
at golf welcome to the club buddy we've
all been there this is how you be great
my second favorite moment is thanks to
Paul Pierce the Clippers recently
acquired the forward this offseason so
as a welcome to Los Angeles gesture the
Dodgers let Pierce throw out the first
pitch at Tuesday's game not great Paul
the bounced pitch elicited boos from the
crowd but in Pierce's defense it is
tough to be awesome at another
professional sport show Modell and my
number 1 moment from this past week
comes from the race of all races the
west michigan whitecaps of minor leagues
held a spectacular promotional race
where kids how to wear appliance
costumes yes appliances like washing
machine stove range and water heater
appliances and raised to a thermostat
and back it was everything dreams are
made of fine America set go and they're
up DTE Energy are you oh down goes the
range feedback up oh down goes the dryer
this way oh what a play oh
as the portable air conditioner I
clearly would have breeze past all of
that those are my five favorite moments
in sports from this past week did you
see something better tweet me at email
love sports with the hashtag time at
meteo or like me on facebook and tell me
about it also don't forget to subscribe
to my youtube channel for more silly
moments in sports just click this side
until next week